Yes Hello Kagemaru
See you today
That when starting
The Well of a good many number of revolutions Nitsuitee quite inquiry at the time of connecting the clutch
In even so much that many turns in the Well a little bit yourself
I am so conscious of whether or not the clutch is connected a
Since I have not seen it, some of you will also be a video report
It is almost so, about 2000 from the front line little
I think you are holding hands
It is dispatch now
It is in the stand system
Approximately 1000 revolutions
By Hey do you about
Sometimes the clutch and connects the
Well why additional to probably now it is turning
It's depression a condition when connecting roughly clutch
Although it is bold 2000 rotation, this is inevitably connected to the ground while this image is revised 2000
2000 good card
I think it will be a form of starting off at the meeting days of
I do not see only from a little 1 I'm sorry that line, but thank you much for your note
It is dispatch now
Mostly begging
ThatLookLikeThis
I already have two pairs
Well, let's take a step further and limit it to Impreza
It's said that I stepped on so-called 2000 rotations and engaged the clutch with the image
It becomes a form
I am waiting for the signal again
I will do it from Hokukai launch
Yes then it is outgoing
Well, it's about 1000 revolutions to step in consciously
So it feels like I'm going to connect the clutch
Jean
So that's a diet
It will be the last outgoing video
That's right Before sending a little, just sending a little spin will make it easier to send that
It fueled What do you think I go a little this can be
After that I think and I'll connect when little rotation high that it is quite easy to bridge also another possible that
Yes you operate the clutch management
It is shoes of that insect to do
I think that it is best to talk but that really is I think that yeah who drove barefoot certainly
I think it was absolutely useless if I could not wear shoes because I was a close relative
I say that I remember the feeling of meeting the clutch with barefoot somewhere somewhere or Apika somewhere
If you are happy because there is also practice methods
What try and pyramid how So it is Carter
I would like to do